README.md, before:

Data 550 Final Project
================
Jeffrey Gong

# Generating the Final Report

Generate the report by simply running this command in the terminal:

>docker run -v "/$(pwd)"/report:/home/rstudio/project final_stage4


The report is about a study on the effect of a dance intervention on PD
patients, and contains a table describing the demographics of the
patients, a table with their scores on psychosocial questionnaires, a
table detailing linear models built to predict their psychosocial
questionnaire scores, and a plot visualizing their responses to exit
questionnaires.



## File Organization

The code for creating the tables and figures is located in the Code
directory. Table 1 is generated by Code/01_make_table_one.R, Table 2.1
is generated by Code/02_make_table_two.R, Table 2.2 is generated by
Code/03_make_table_three.R, and the figure is generated by
Code/04_exit_qs.R. Raw data is stored in the Data directory, cleaned
data is stored in the CleanData directory, and tables/figures are stored
in the Outputs directory.

## Synchronize Package Repository

To synchronize the package repository, type the following command into
the terminal:

> make install

Commit message:

added make rule for Mac/Linux

README.md, after:

Data 550 Final Project
================
Jeffrey Gong

# Building the Docker Image

To build a docker image that can reproduce this analysis, run the following command in the terminal:

>docker build -t jeffreygong9900/data550finalproject .

# Link to Image on Dockerhub

The following is a link to the built image on Dockerhub:

https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/jeffreygong9900/data550finalproject/general

# Generating the Final Report

If you are using Windows, generate the report by simply running this command in the terminal, after building or downloading the Docker image:

>make report/Data550_FinalProject_QuestionnaireReport.html

If you are using Mac/Linux, run this command instead:

>make report_mac

The report is about a study on the effect of a dance intervention on PD
patients, and contains a table describing the demographics of the
patients, a table with their scores on psychosocial questionnaires, a
table detailing linear models built to predict their psychosocial
questionnaire scores, and a plot visualizing their responses to exit
questionnaires.



## File Organization

The code for creating the tables and figures is located in the Code
directory. Table 1 is generated by Code/01_make_table_one.R, Table 2.1
is generated by Code/02_make_table_two.R, Table 2.2 is generated by
Code/03_make_table_three.R, and the figure is generated by
Code/04_exit_qs.R. Raw data is stored in the Data directory, cleaned
data is stored in the CleanData directory, and tables/figures are stored
in the Outputs directory.

## Synchronize Package Repository

To synchronize the package repository, type the following command into
the terminal:

> make install
